here on okay so today we're going to be
talking about D BB Creams also known as
beauty bombs or blemish bombs and a lot
of questions about these what are they
do they work so I thought we'd do a
little video on it do you remember a few
years ago when everything was about
minerals it was suddenly like minerals
had fallen from the gods and we've never
seen them before and they could do these
miraculous things of course mineral
makeup has been around for like 30 years
and it's excellent it can do wonderful
things for your skin at least it means
what I mean is it can you know cover
your skin and it looks good I like
mineral makeup now it sort of BB cream
we see them everywhere from the kind of
lower price ones right the way up now to
the higher price ones information here
in this sidebar for you so what is a BB
cream if you look at the kind of claims
that they're making a BB cream can cover
acne it can heal acne some of them which
is amazing they cover dark circles
redness pigmentation they can be used
after during illogical treatments like
lasers they cover like a foundation
conceal like a concealer have SPF n
foundation primer they they're amazing
they are everything you could ever want
and more and they will even cook your
dinner for you at the end of the day and
they will love you at night good too the
truth is if you've got really good skin
clear skin BB creams are great a BB
cream is also known as a tinted
moisturizer it's that simple there
really are no different to your standard
tinted moisturizer they offer the same
amount of coverage as it is a
moisturizer they're just now called BB
creams I don't buy it I certainly
wouldn't be wasting my money on it but
it doesn't mean that they're bad
products like I said if your skin is
good and it is clear and you need
minimal coverage then these can work
amazing for you but if you've got more
problems like broken capillaries acne
breakouts pigmentation and you're going
to need a stronger cream almost a
stronger coverage almost done certainly
unfortunately so frankly I would save my
pennies and go elsewhere for a fun day
now one thing to touch upon is
Illamasqua skin base now Illamasqua skin
base is inspired by BB cream now I've
tried it I went to the counters and they
gave me a really big test to full a bit
because they didn't have the shade that
I wanted and I've got to say that it's
an excellent excellent foundation but
it's not a BB cream I don't think that
the illamasqua skin base is a BB cream I
really don't it offers much more
coverage it's a good light light
foundation and it is amazing it's
beautiful the colors are great and the
sheen it leaves on the skin for those of
you who do not want a matte face this is
an amazing foundation to buy but I don't
think it's a BB cream but I've included
it because it is inspired by one so
there you go that's my take on BB creams
you're better off just getting a moist
getting out your standard moisturiser
putting a pump in your hand little drop
of your foundation mix it up you got
your own BB cream mazing amazing thanks
for watching bye